What won? The little junior brother won.
How is that possible?
This kid is clearly only at the sixth realm
The combat power is so strong
Such abundant spiritual power
Wuxi
This is the eighth level of practicing Vientiane Guiyuan Palace
Perfect Classic
How long has it been?
It took me almost 20 years
What a terrifying power
The power of this guy
I am afraid that he is already the first disciple of the Canglan Sect
Huang Wu always felt that he was better than him
What a shame
This kid won with one against nine
This is something I can't do with my seventh grade
Not bad Ye Wuji
And I was right.
You are really serious. I have a 10,000-year career
Brother Ye actually won
This is amazing
Brother Ye is too strong, although he lost 9 games in a row
But Brother Ye turned the tide alone
Defeated the entire canopy sword
It's magnificent
This is the door I've been holding for decades
The first time I won the Tianpeng Sword Sect
I'm so relieved
Little Junior Brother really has you
It's just amazing.
You drop of wine
Take these guys from the Canopy Sword Sect
It's bruised and swollen.
Thanks to the good teaching
Hahahaha
Mr. He undertakes the assignment
We just said a game of Ding Shengfu
You shouldn't go back on your word, right?
Who said I went back on my word?
Let me tell you something.
This year you play dirty
Collect that business well
Next year we will be ready for canopy construction
Never lose again
You old man
If you can't afford it, say you can't afford it.
What else is there to hide?
This night is endless
It's just me, Freeland Gate, a general
An ordinary inner court disciple
There are many like him
Hahahaha
It was just to let you Tianpeng Sword Sect before
Do you think I can't beat you?
You you
The old man will not give you the power to argue
Let's come again next year
Hmph, thank you Wuji
It's up to you this time, but don't think
You will be worthy of the Western Regions